./data/10-princeton/princeton.txt
	Advanced Topics in Computer Science - Securing Cyberspace with Big Data
Advanced Topics in Computer Science - Systems and Analytics of Big Data

./data/01-mit/m6c.html
	Analyzes computational needs of clinical medicine, reviews systems and approaches that have been used to support those needs, and the relationship between clinical data and gene and protein measurements to support precision medicine. Topics include the nature of clinical data, architecture and design of healthcare information systems, privacy and security issues, medical expert systems, predictive models and machine learning from big data in healthcare, and an introduction to bioinformatics. Case studies and guest lectures describe contemporary institutions, systems, and research projects. Term project using large clinical and genomic data sets integrates classroom topics.

./data/04-harvard/harvard-01.html
	Data Science 2 is the second half of a one-year introduction to data science. Building upon the material in Data Science 1, the course introduces advanced methods for data wrangling, data visualization, and statistical modeling and prediction. Topics include big data and database management, interactive visualizations, nonlinear statistical models, and deep learning.
Networks—of social relationships, economic interdependencies, and digital interactions—are critical in shaping our lives. This course introduces models and algorithms that help us understand networks. Fundamental concepts from applied mathematics, microeconomics, and computer science will be presented through the lens of network science, in order to equip students to usefully analyze the “big data” generated by online networks. Applications discussed include the viral spr
Networking has evolved to a new era of supporting large-scale distributed computing for big data. These new networks are software defined in the sense that they can be dynamically programmed to meet various communications needs in computing. In CS 144r/244r, students will obtain the knowledge and experience necessary not only to understand this momentous technological shift in networking, but also to be able to play a part themselves. To this end, the course will not only teach the fundamental c
We are in the big data era and data systems sit in the critical path of everything we do. We are going through major transformations in businesses, sciences, as well as everyday life - collecting and analyzing data changes everything and data systems provide the means to store and analyze a massive amount of data. This course is a comprehensive introduction to modern data systems. The primary focus of the course is on the modern trends that are shaping the data management industry right now: col
Covers topics related to algorithms for big data, especially related to networks. Themes include compression, cryptography, coding, and information retrieval related to the World Wide Web. Requires a major final project.

./data/04-harvard/harvard-02.html
	Modern software systems construction and analysis. Distributed systems; operating systems; networks; data centers; big data; emerging systems deployments. Close, careful reading of research papers and code, coupled with programming projects. Readability and programmability. Topic focus will change each offering. May be repeated for credit with instructor permission.
Big Data Systems
Big data is everywhere. A fundamental goal across numerous modern businesses and sciences is to be able to exploit as many machines as possible, to consume as much information as possible and as fast as possible. The big challenge is "how to turn data into useful knowledge". This is far from a simple task and a moving target as both the underlying hardware and our ability to collect data evolve. In this class, we will discuss how to design data systems and algorithms that can "scale up" and "sca

./data/05-cmu/cloud-computing--cloud-computing.html
	 GATES HILLMAN 4307  This course gives students an overview of Cloud Computing, which is the delivery of computing as a service over a network, whereby distributed resources are rented, rather than owned, by an end user as a utility. Students will study its enabling technologies, building blocks, and gain hands-on experience through projects utilizing public cloud infrastructures.  Cloud computing services are widely adopted by many organizations across domains.  The course will introduce the cloud and cover the topics of data centers, software stack, virtualization, software defined networks and storage, cloud storage, and programming models. We will start by discussing the clouds motivating factors, benefits, challenges, service models, SLAs and security. We will describe several concepts behind data center design and management, which enable the economic and technological benefits of the cloud paradigm. Next, we will study how CPU, memory and I/O resources, network (SDN) and storage (SDS) are virtualized, and the key role of virtualization to enable the cloud. Subsequently, students will study cloud storage concepts like data distribution, durability, consistency and redundancy. We will discuss distributed file systems, NoSQL databases and object storage using HDFS, CephFS, HBASE, MongoDB, Cassandra, DynamoDB, S3, and Swift as case studies. Finally, students will study the MapReduce, Spark and GraphLab programming models.  Students will work with Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure, to rent and provision compute resources and then program and deploy applications using these resources. Students will develop and evaluate scaling and load balancing solutions, work with cloud storage systems, and develop applications in several programming paradigms. 15619 students must complete an extra team project which entails designing and implementing a cost- and performance-sensitive web-service for querying big data.

./data/05-cmu/cloud-computing.html
	 This course gives students an overview of Cloud Computing, which is the delivery of computing as a service over a network, whereby distributed resources are rented, rather than owned, by an end user as a utility. Students will study its enabling technologies, building blocks, and gain hands-on experience through projects utilizing public cloud infrastructures.  Cloud computing services are widely adopted by many organizations across domains.  The course will introduce the cloud and cover the topics of data centers, software stack, virtualization, software defined networks and storage, cloud storage, and programming models. We will start by discussing the clouds motivating factors, benefits, challenges, service models, SLAs and security. We will describe several concepts behind data center design and management, which enable the economic and technological benefits of the cloud paradigm. Next, we will study how CPU, memory and I/O resources, network (SDN) and storage (SDS) are virtualized, and the key role of virtualization to enable the cloud. Subsequently, students will study cloud storage concepts like data distribution, durability, consistency and redundancy. We will discuss distributed file systems, NoSQL databases and object storage using HDFS, CephFS, HBASE, MongoDB, Cassandra, DynamoDB, S3, and Swift as case studies. Finally, students will study the MapReduce, Spark and GraphLab programming models. Students will work with Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure, to rent and provision compute resources and then program and deploy applications using these resources. Students will develop and evaluate scaling and load balancing solutions, work with cloud storage systems, and develop applications in several programming paradigms. 15619 students must complete an extra team project which entails designing and implementing a cost- and performance-sensitive web-service for querying big data.

./data/05-cmu/practical-data-science.html
	 Data science is the study and practice of how we can extract insight and knowledge from large amounts of data. This course provides a practical introduction to the full stack of data science analysis, including data collection and processing, data visualization and presentation, statistical model building using machine learning, and big data techniques for scaling these methods. Topics covered include: collecting and processing data using relational methods, time series approaches, graph and network models, free text analysis, and spatial geographic methods; analyzing the data using a variety of statistical and machine learning methods include linear and non-linear regression and classification, unsupervised learning and anomaly detection, plus advanced machine learning methods like kernel approaches, boosting, or deep learning; visualizing and presenting data, particularly focusing the case of high-dimensional data; and applying these methods to big data settings, where multiple machines and distributed computation are needed to fully leverage the data.Students will complete weekly programming homework that emphasize practical understanding of the methods described in the course. In addition, students will develop a tutorial on an advanced topic, and will complete a group project that applies these data science techniques to a practical application chosen by the team; these two longer assignments will be done in lieu of a midterm or final.

./data/05-cmu/seminar-data-systems--seminar--.html
	 This course series is designed for and exclusively used by the Systems track of the Masters in Computational Data Science.  Most students in this program will take section A, Seminar 1, in their first semester, section B, Seminar 2,  in their second semester and section C, Capstone, in their third and final semester.  As a series this is equivalent to a 48 unit capstone, spread out over the entire masters program.  The sequence will emphasize learning from state of the art technical talks at the beginning, evolving into recently written paper reading and multi-paper survey reporting, and end with a large project and project report.  The theme of all sections is large scale systems for big data processing, highly available distributed systems, data mining and machine learning, and broadly, data science.

./data/05-cmu/seminar-data-systems.html
	 This course series is designed for and exclusively used by the Systems track of the Masters in Computational Data Science.  Most students in this program will take section A, Seminar 1, in their first semester, section B, Seminar 2,  in their second semester and section C, Capstone, in their third and final semester.  As a series this is equivalent to a 48 unit capstone, spread out over the entire masters program.  The sequence will emphasize learning from state of the art technical talks at the beginning, evolving into recently written paper reading and multi-paper survey reporting, and end with a large project and project report.  The theme of all sections is large scale systems for big data processing, highly available distributed systems, data mining and machine learning, and broadly, data science.

./data/09-singapore/index.html
	 Big Data Techniques and TechnologiesModular Credits = 4 

